## Lab 2 is The Vaccination Tracker Problem
**Lab design by Professor Chen-Wei(Jackie) Wang**

This object-oriented program is solving a simplified vaccination tracker problem, where COVID-19 vaccines are distributed and administered through dedicated vaccination sites, and registered patients are able to obtain proof of received vaccine doses:

#### **The relevant entities involved in this problem:**
- Each **vaccine** is characterized by its unique codename (e.g.,**BNT162b2**), type (e.g.,**RNA**), and manufacturer (e.g.,**Pfizer/BioNTech**). For the purpose of this lab, note the codenames of **the four vaccines approved/rec-ognized in Canada: mRNA-1273, BNT162b2, Ad26.COV2.S, and AZD1222**. There are also other vaccines recognized by WHO but not in Canada: https://covid19.trackvaccines.org/agency/who/.
- Each **app** is characterized by their name (e.g.,**GoodNotes 5**), a list of update logs (for its various versions), and a list of user rating scores. When submitting a rating score, it is assumed that a value between 1 and 5 is given (and thus there is no need to perform any error handling). When creating an app object, an input integer is supplied to specify the maximum number of submitted ratings allowed. On the other hand, the maximum number of update logs allowed for an app is always **20**. It is expected that when a rating report is demanded for an app, details of its current version and an average of its submitted ratings are included.
- Each **app store** is characterized by their branch name (e.g.,**Canada, UK**) and a list of available apps. When creating an app store object, an input integer is supplied to specify the maximum number of available apps allowed. You can assume that names of all available apps are unique (without duplicates). Given the name of an app, if it exists, one may retrieve the corresponding app object. Given a user-specified number (assumed to be non-negative), we may retrieve the information of the list of available apps which are stable: each of such apps has its number of updates at least as many as (larger than or equal to) the specified input number.
- Each registered account is characterized by its account owner name, the store it is linked to, the list of downloaded apps, and its status. The maximum number of downloads allowed for an app account is always 50. An account's status (represented by the return value of the **toString** method) reports whether or not the last invoked mutator method (e.g.,download an app, uninstall an app, submit a rating score to some app) results in an error. Given an account object, we may either inquire the names (String[]) or the corresponding app objects (App[]) available in its linked app store.
